Context for the mixed feeling about Hulk Hogan's passing from a black American adult wrestling fan.The one thing that no one can argue is Hulkamania's legacy in pro-wrestling/sports entertainment and impact in pop culture.  His icon status status is secured. But when we talk about legacy, icons like Hogan don't get to choose what is and what isn't apart of their legacy in the court of public opinion. 

Terry Gene Bollea, in addition to his Wikipedia deception, is a text book racist, as defined by one who identifies as white and positions themselves as better than those that they recognize as "not-white" which include pretty much all cultures, but primarily identified in the United States as black.  Hogan passed away from heart failure on the 10 year to the day anniversary of the infamous Gawker scandal that revealed a private video of Hogan with an escort expressing his views of niggers, including his personal history with them and his feelings about allowing them to date his daughter.  Since then, Hogan has done little to detour anyone's thinking towards his racist and bigoted views in several interviews and witness accounts bookend with his appearance at the Republican national Convention, where he cut his usual Hogan branded catchphrase promo complete with the posing, ear cupping, and ripping his shirt to reveal he is a bonified supporter of President Trump and the 'Make America Great Again' rhetoric. Wrestlers refer to this certainty of real life depiction vs *kayfabe* as a shoot, leaving nothing to wonder or question about his *characte*r.

Hulk Hogan's in-ring career ended in 2006 with WWE and his later legacy was defined by all of these moments that went beyond the mat, including appearances in wrestling promotions, reality TV, and several advertising campaigns, as well as the news, or course. So to drive the point about pro-wrestler legacies that go beyond the mat, we can also speak about one my favorite wrestlers from he peak Hogan in-ring era: The Iron Sheik

Having only faced Hulk Hogan once for  world title, the Iranian wrestler is credited to be one of Hogan's most prolific opponents who managed to stand out among the multitude of challengers that opposed Hulkamania due to his prominent booking, promotion, and talent.  WWE, or the WWF at the time, as with most territorial promotions during the 80's rockstar era, often depicted foreign wrestlers as major antagonist to the "baby face" American stars as to mimic the political climate at the time such as the increasing tensions between the US and middle East.  Sheik's opposition of Hogan makes up a big part of his overall legacy, arguably even more solidified by his antics after his in-ring career was over between 2001 and 2003 (professionally 2010). In interviews, Sheik was never shy about his distaste for Hogan as a person and as a business man, even co-signing allegations of being racist among other things. He pretty much became the authority of all things anti-Hogan, a moniker that would crescendo as he established a social media presence. His Twitter account, rumored to be ran by younger family members of Sheik, depicted many of his thoughts and established catchphrases aimed at Hogan and did an impeccable job of amusing a following for sharp wit that aligned promptly with any news story good, bad, or otherwise about Hogan. If there was Hulk news put out in the world, it was guaranteed that there would be an immediate Shiek response to it.  Even after Sheik's death in June of 2023, his now X account mimics his personality and tone perfectly.

So in respect to Hogan's legacy in it's entirety from the point of view from an adult black American pro-wrestling fan, I would defer to the sediments of one of my favorite wrestlers whose legacy that I also respect in its entirety with a meme that epitomizes both his wit and his disdain:

Fuck Hogan Then.
Fuck Hogan Now.
Fuck Hogan Forever.